https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LTtr45y7P0   ----\\\\\

2 big questions to answer with the pitch

1. I don't give a crap about the backstory
2. I don't give a crap about standard feature (inventory system, etc.)
3. I'm not going to make your game for you (don't ask what the person wants in the game)
4. Game pillars are not hooks (what makes the game unique)
5. Tell me about what the player is doing.
6. In the real world, no one can double jump! (don't use realism to excuse design)
7. It's a game show (why does it need a backstory)
8. It's a parody ()
9. You never go into the tech risk (is it feasable to build, and how)
10. Your proof of concept doesn't proove your concept (prototype the hard not the easy)
11. Having lots and lots of shitty art doesn't make your art less shitty
12. I can't tell whats placeholder and whats not (let them know what isn't in the game)
13. You polish to early (don't make the visuals before the mechanics)
14. Your sample dialogue sucks. (more important for story based)
15. Pandering to the latest tech craze (don't do something with new tech if it isn't necessary)
16. You just pitched a phone game to a console publisher
17. Gone home already exists (make it unique)
18. Can you help us negotiate a license to get this intellectual property? (no they can't)
19. I know more about your monetization than your game (don't focus on money unless asked)
20. You have no idea how much money you need (know how much time and money needed to create it)
21. You don't have a team (You need a team or roadmap to get them)
22. Your business plan is based on outliers (you won't sell as much as WOW or COD)
23. You seem like you'd be a pain in the ass to work with (be personable)
24. You expect me to know who you are (give me your background)
25. You get annoyed by questions (be ready for them)
26. We're watching the pitch on your phone (use the right tech to pitch)
27. You brought a laptop but you didn't bring headphones (if sound is important bring headphones)
28. You're hungover... drunk... high (don't)
29. Don't trash other companies (makes you look bad)
30. You need to shower (watch your B.O.)